docs(aws): clarify generated External ID behavior for key and role credentials (#1156)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-enterprise_docs/compute-envs/eks.md

Multiple users can be specified in the trust policy by adding more ARNs to the `Principal` section.

:::note
Seqera Platform generates the `External ID` value during AWS credential creation. For role-based credentials, use this exact value in both your IAM trust policy (`sts:ExternalId`) and the Seqera **External ID** field.
:::

### Role-based trust policy example (Seqera Enterprise)

For role-based AWS credentials, allow the Seqera Cloud access role `arn:aws:iam::161471496260:role/SeqeraPlatformCloudAccessRole` in your trust policy and enforce the `External ID` generated during credential creation:

```json
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Principal": {

>         "AWS": "arn:aws:iam::161471496260:role/SeqeraPlatformCloudAccessRole"

Reviewer: for enterprise, it will be the role specified by the customer in their deployment, not seqera's role
<TOWER_AWS_JUMP_ROLE_ARN>

        "AWS": "<YOUR_SEQERA_ROLE_ARN>"
      },
      "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
      "Condition": {
        "StringEquals": {
          "sts:ExternalId": "<ExternalId>"
        }
      }
    },
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Principal": {
        "AWS": "<YOUR_SEQERA_ROLE_ARN>"
      },
      "Action": "sts:TagSession"
    }
  ]
}
```

:::info
To use role-based access with no External ID, set `TOWER_ALLOW_INSTANCE_CREDENTIALS=true` in your deployment [configuration](../enterprise/configuration/overview#compute-environments).
Then create AWS credentials using an IAM role ARN only (no access key, secret key, or External ID), and remove the entire `Condition` block for `sts:ExternalId` from your trust policy.
:::

## AWS credential options

AWS credentials can be configured in two ways:

- **Key-based credentials**: Access key and secret key with direct IAM permissions, with an optional IAM role in **Assume role**. `External ID` is optional.
- **Role-based credentials (recommended)**: Seqera assumes an IAM role ARN. `External ID` is mandatory and generated by Seqera.

Seqera Platform generates the `External ID` value during credential creation (Cloud and Enterprise).

> In the credentials form, paste the AWS IAM role configured in your deployment (`<YOUR_SEQERA_ROLE_ARN>`) in the **Assume role** field. This field is available for both key-based and role-based credentials. It is optional for key-based credentials and required for role-based credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the credentials form, add the role ARN in the **Assume role** field, which you want Seqera Platform to use for accessing AWS resources. This field is available for both key-based and role-based credentials. It is optional for key-based credentials and required for role-based credentials.
```
